HydroSHEDS Technical Documentation v1.4

https://data.hydrosheds.org/file/technical-documentation/HydroSHEDS_TechDoc_v1_4.pdf

APPENDIX A

HYDROSHEDS VERSION 1 – LICENSE AGREEMENT

THE LICENSED MATERIALS (AS DEFINED BELOW) ARE PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS
LICENSE ("LICENSE"). THE LICENSED MATERIALS ARE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT AND/OR
OTHER APPLICABLE LAW. ANY USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZED
UNDER THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT LAW IS PROHIBITED. BY EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS TO
THE LICENSED MATERIALS PROVIDED HERE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE
TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. TO THE EXTENT THIS LICENSE MAY BE CONSIDERED TO BE A
CONTRACT, THE LICENSOR GRANTS YOU THE RIGHTS CONTAINED HERE IN CONSIDERATION OF
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

1. DEFINITIONS

1.1. “Derivative Works” shall have the meaning set forth in the U.S. Copyright
Act (17 U.S.C. §101 et seq).

1.2. “End Users” means those parties to whom Licensee or an authorized
distributor has licensed the Licensed Materials integrated with the Licensee
Programs pursuant to a written license agreement for such party’s use and not
for redistribution.

1.3. “Intellectual Property Rights” means any and all tangible and intangible:
(i) copyrights and other rights associated with works of authorship throughout
the world, including but not limited to copyrights, moral rights, and mask
works, and all Derivative Works thereof; (ii) trademark and trade name rights
and similar rights; (iii) trade secret rights; (iv) patents, designs,
algorithms, utility models, and other industrial property rights, and all
improvements thereto; (v) all other intellectual and industrial property rights
(of every kind and nature throughout the world and however designated) whether
arising by operation of law, contract, license, or otherwise; and (vi) all
registrations, applications, renewals, extensions, continuations, divisions, or
reissues thereof now or hereafter in force (including any rights in any of the
foregoing).

1.4. “Licensed Materials” means WWF’s Hydrological data and maps based on
SHuttle Elevation Derivatives at multiple Scales (“HydroSHEDS”) version 1 data
for all regions and versions available as of the Effective Date and later
developed during the term of this License, as further described in Exhibit A,
not including any later versions or modifications.

1.5. “Personnel” means a Party’s employees, contractors (including
Subcontractors) and consultants.

2. LICENSE GRANTS

2.1. License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, WWF hereby
grants to Licensee the following rights and licenses:

2.1.1. Development. A worldwide, nonexclusive, non-transferable, paid up right
and license to (i) use, reproduce, display, and perform the Licensed Materials
to the extent necessary to integrate the Licensed Materials with Derivative
Works; and (ii) permit third parties doing development work for Licensee
(“Subcontractors”) to exercise any or all of the rights set forth in (i).
Licensee shall be responsible for the acts or omissions of its Subcontractors
and for ensuring that use of the Licensed Materials by its Subcontractors is
consistent with Licensee’s obligations under this License.

2.1.2. Distribution and Sublicense Rights. A worldwide, nonexclusive,
non-transferable, paid up right and license to (i) market and distribute the
Licensed Materials incorporated into any Derivative Works to End Users, subject
to the terms and conditions of an end user license agreement with terms that are
at least as protective of the Licensed Materials as are the terms of this
License; and (ii) sublicense to Licensee’s authorized distributors any or all of
the rights set forth in (i), pursuant to a written distribution agreement with
terms that are at least as protective of the Licensed Materials as are the terms
of this License. In no event shall Licensee license or distribute the Licensed
Materials as a stand-alone product. Licensee’s agreement with an authorized
distributor shall provide that: (i) the agreement shall automatically terminate
upon any termination of this License; and (ii) WWF shall be an intended third
party beneficiary of the agreement and shall have the right to enforce any and
all obligations of Licensee under such agreement. Licensee shall be responsible
for the acts or omissions of any of its distributors and for ensuring that use
of the Licensed Materials by its distributors is consistent with the terms of
this License. Each sublicense agreement shall obligate the applicable
distributor to distribute the Licensed Materials to End Users only (accompanied
by an end user license agreement), and shall not permit such distributor to
distribute to other subdistributors. In no event will a distributor be granted
the development rights set forth in Section 2.1.1.

2.1.3. Restrictions and Sublicense. Licensee shall not decompile, reverse
engineer, or disassemble the Licensed Materials, in whole or in part, except as
expressly authorized by this License or by prior written consent of WWF, and
shall include such restrictions in its license agreement with End Users.
Licensee shall protect against unauthorized copying and/or distribution of
Licensed Materials, associated license keys and/or licensing mechanisms, if
applicable, with the same degree of care that it protects its Licensee
confidential information.

2.2. Attribution Requirements. Licensee shall ensure that its use and
distribution of the Licensed Materials includes the required attributions set
forth in Exhibit B.

3. OWNERSHIP

Except as otherwise provided in this License, WWF, or its licensors, shall own
and retain all Intellectual Property Rights in the Licensed Materials and any
modifications, extensions, or improvements of the Licensed Materials however
developed.

4. NO WARRANTY

4.1. THE LICENSED MATERIALS AND ANY OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED TO LICENSEE BY
WWF ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITH ALL FAULTS. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY
USE, PERFORMANCE, QUALITY AND ACCURACY OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS AND ANY OTHER
INFORMATION PROVIDED TO LICENSEE BY WWF IS WITH LICENSEE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, WWF DISCLAIMS AND HEREBY EXCLUDES ALL
WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS AND REPRESENTATIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, WRITTEN,
OR ORAL, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER ARISING UNDER THIS LICENSE OR
OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF DESIGN,
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTY RIGHTS, OR WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF
PERFORMANCE, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE. WWF SHALL NOT BE BOUND BY OR LIABLE FOR
ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, WITH RESPECT TO THE
LICENSED MATERIALS OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED TO LICENSEE BY WWF, MADE BY
WWF OR ITS AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES OR ANY THIRD PARTY.

4.2. Licensee shall not: (a) make any representation or warranty whatsoever on
behalf of WWF concerning the quality, performance or other characteristics of
the Licensed Materials or any other information provided to Licensee by WWF; (b)
incur any liability on behalf of WWF or purport to make any commitment binding
upon WWF; or (c) make any commitment to modify any of the Licensed Materials or
any other information provided to Licensee by WWF.

5. INDEMNIFICATION

5.1. As used in this Section 8, (i) “Claim” means any and all pending, actual or
threatened third party claims, and any resulting losses, damages, liabilities,
settlement, costs, or expenses of WWF (including legal expenses and the expenses
of other professionals), as incurred, arising out of or relating to this
License, and (ii) indemnification extends to the officers, directors, employees
and agents of WWF, as applicable. HydroSHEDS Technical Documentation v1.4

5.2. Licensee will defend, indemnify and hold WWF harmless from and against any
Claim arising out of or relating to (i) the use by Licensee, its affiliates,
third party developers, or End Users of the Licensed Materials or any other
information provided to Licensee by WWF; (ii) the marketing or distribution of
the Licensed Materials by Licensee, its affiliates, or any of their
sublicensees; and (iii) any changes made to the Licensed Materials by Licensee,
its affiliates, or third party developers.

5.3. WWF will provide Licensee prompt notice of any actual or alleged Claim,
provided, that the failure to give such notice shall not relieve Licensee of
Licensee’s obligations hereunder except to the extent that Licensee was actually
and materially prejudiced by such failure. Licensee shall have the option to
defend such Claims provided that Licensee may not compromise or settle any Claim
or consent to the entry of any judgment without WWF’s prior written consent,
which WWF shall withhold in its sole discretion.

6. LIABILITY AND WAIVER OF DAMAGES

LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT WWF IS A NONPROFIT ORGANIZATION NOT ENGAGED IN A
COMMERCIAL BUSINESS, INDUSTRY, OR TRADE. WWF’S LIABILITY TO LICENSEE, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE FORMATION OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS LICENSE, SHALL NOT
EXCEED THE ROYALTY, IF ANY, PAID TO WWF UNDER THIS LICENSE. ALL LIABILITY IS
CUMULATIVE AND NOT PER INCIDENT. WWF WILL NOT BE LIABLE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF USE OR OF
DATA, OR INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS), ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE FORMATION
OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS LICENSE, EVEN IF THE PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THESE LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY
FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY PROVIDED HEREIN. THE PARTIES
STIPULATE AND AGREE THAT THIS SECTION 6 WAS PART OF THE CONSIDERATION FOR THE
AGREED-UPON ROYALTY AND ACCESS TO USE DATA NOT ORIGINALLY DEVELOPED FOR
COMMERCIAL USERS.

7. TERMINATION

7.1. Termination. This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate
(i) automatically upon any breach by Licensee of the terms of this License; or
(ii) in the sole discretion of WWF.

7.2. Rights upon Termination. If this License is terminated, all licenses to
distribute and sublicense the Licensed Materials granted hereunder shall
terminate; however, any End User licenses for Derivative Works that incorporate
Licensed Materials that were entered into prior to the date of termination,
shall not be affected and shall continue in full force and effect.

7.3. Survival. The Parties’ rights and obligations under Sections 4 (No
Warranty), 5 (Indemnification), 6 (Liability and Waiver of Damages), 7.2 (Rights
Upon Termination), 9 (Notices) and 10 (Miscellaneous) shall survive any
termination of this License.

8. PUBLICITY

8.1. Use of Marks Prohibited. The Licensee shall not issue any press release or
any other publicity regarding this License or the Parties’ relationship without
WWF’s express written approval. Neither Party shall use the name, trade name,
trademarks, service marks or logos of the other Party without the prior written
consent of the other Party.

9. NOTICES

All notices required to be given to WWF under this License are deemed effective
when made in writing and received by (i) registered mail, (ii) certified mail,
return receipt requested, or (iii) overnight mail, addressed and sent to the
attention of:

Name: World Wildlife Fund, Inc.

Address: 1250 24th Street NW Washington, DC 20031

Attention: General Counsel

10. MISCELLANEOUS

10.1. Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue. This License and all matters
arising out of or relating to this License shall be governed by the laws of the
District of Columbia, without giving effect to any law or rule that would cause
the laws of any other jurisdiction to be applied.

10.2. Severability. In the event any provision of this License is held to be
invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this License will remain
in full force.

10.3. Waiver. The waiver by either Party of any default or breach of this
License shall not constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent default or
breach.

10.4. Injunctive Relief. Licensee acknowledges that a breach of its obligations
under this License would cause WWF irreparable damage. Accordingly, Licensee
agrees that in the event of such breach or threatened breach, in addition to
remedies at law, WWF shall have the right to injunctive or other equitable
relief to prevent Licensee’s violations of its obligations hereunder.

10.5. No Agency, Partnership or Joint Venture. No agency, employment,
partnership, joint venture, or other joint relationship is created hereby.
Licensee and WWF are each independent contractors with respect to the other and
neither has any authority to bind the other in any respect whatsoever.

10.6. Assignment. This License is binding on and inures to the benefit of the
Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Licensee may not
assign this License except with the prior written consent of WWF. WWF shall be
entitled to assign, transfer, delegate or otherwise dispose of, whether
voluntarily or involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, this License and
any of its rights or obligations under this License. Any attempted assignment,
delegation, or transfer in contravention of this License shall be null and void.

10.7. Records. Licensee agrees to maintain complete, clear and accurate records
for at least two (2) years backwards at any point in time of its activities
under this License, including, without limitation, its sales of the Licensed
Materials integrated with any Derivative Works and the identity and address of
each End User, in accordance with standard business practices and Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles. Licensee shall permit WWF or persons designated
by WWF to inspect records pertaining to the Licensed Materials and any other
materials provided to Licensee by WWF to ensure compliance by Licensee with its
obligations to WWF. Any such inspection and audit shall be conducted during
regular business hours and in such a manner as not to interfere unduly with
normal business activities of Licensee.

10.8. Export Control. The Parties agree that the export of the Licensed
Materials is subject to the export control laws of the United States of America,
including, without limitation, any regulations promulgated by the Department of
Commerce (or its successors) or the Department of Treasury and Licensee agrees
to comply with all such laws and regulation in connection with its use,
distribution or licensing of the Licensed Materials.

10.9. Headings. The section headings appearing in this License are inserted only
as a matter of convenience and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the
scope or intent of any such section nor in any way affect this License.

10.10. Entire Agreement; Amendment. This License, together with the Exhibits and
Attachments hereto, constitutes the final, complete and exclusive agreement
between the Parties relative to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all
prior or contemporaneous agreements or representations, written or oral,
relating to its subject matter. This License shall also supersede all terms of
any additional or unsigned license terms included in any package, media or
electronic version of Licensed Materials provided under this License, including
but not limited to any "shrink wrap", "click wrap" or "pop-up" license terms.
This License shall not be changed, modified, supplemented or amended in any
manner except as agreed to in a written instrument signed by authorized
representatives of both Parties
